feat: Deployment Section (#1047)
discordjs/guide: guide/deployment/deploying-to-docker.md

3. Create a [Dockerfile](#creating-a-dockerfile) or [docker-compose](#creating-a-docker-compose-file) to run your bot.

## Creating a Dockerfile

A Dockerfile is a file that tells Docker how to build your bot.

If you have been following the guide so far the below Dockerfile should work for you.

```dockerfile
# Use node:16.11.1 as the base image
FROM node:16.11.1

# Create app directory
WORKDIR /usr/src/app

# Copy package.json
COPY package*.json ./

# Fetch dependencies
RUN npm i

# Copy code
COPY . .

# Install pm2
RUN npm install pm2 -g

# Start the bot using pm2 so errors won't kill the container, Learn More: https://discordjs.guide/improving-dev-environment/pm2.html#installation
CMD [ "pm2-runtime", "start", "index.js" ]
```

# Automating the build process with GitHub Actions

<Definition content="GitHub Actions is a CI/CD platform that allows you to automate your build, test, and deployment pipelines. You can set up workflows to build and test each pull request that comes into your repository, for this example we will be using GitHub Actions to publish a Docker Image every push you do to your master branch." />

::: tip

> It's probably about time you store your code in a git server such as GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can store your code in a git server such as GitHub for ease of access.
```

:::

## GitHub Desktop

> A good choice for people who are scared of the terminal and don't wanna learn it, or simply just get things done quicker with a app.

1. Download [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)

> 2. [Create a repo](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/installing-and-configuring-github-desktop/overview/creating-your-first-repository-using-github-desktop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Create a repository](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/installing-and-configuring-github-desktop/overview/creating-your-first-repository-using-github-desktop)
```

## Terminal

> The classic way

1. [Make sure git is installed](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)

> 2. [Create a repo](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/installing-and-configuring-github-desktop/overview/creating-your-first-repository-using-github-desktop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Create a repository](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/installing-and-configuring-github-desktop/overview/creating-your-first-repository-using-github-desktop)
```

> ## Creating the Dockerfile

Reviewer: copy pasta go brrr

Author: completely forgot to fill that in thx

Author: fixed in 46fa23d5c1396f74eed39e936ae711f05a7020f0 and 5c757666e0de75bd2df4a51b49bca8cc6b30d509

# Deploying to Docker

Running projects like your bot with Docker is a great way to get your bot running on a VPS, with the added benefits of being able to quickly spin up your bot on other servers using Docker, use environment variables, simple scaling, auto updating on GitHub pushes, and much more.

1. Get access to your VPS's terminal via SSH or other methods.
2. Install Docker on your VPS by following the specific instructions for your linux [distribution](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/#server)
3. Create a [Dockerfile](#creating-a-dockerfile) or [docker-compose](#creating-a-docker-compose-file) to run your bot.
4. [Build](#building-your-docker-image) your Docker image.
5. [Run](#running-your-docker-container) your bot.

## Creating a Dockerfile

> A Dockerfile is a file that tells Docker how to build your bot.

Reviewer 2: not a concise nor precise description, 'how does docker work & how do I use it' seems out of scope also

> :::tip
> If you have been following the guide so far the below Dockerfile should work for you.
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
unnecessary tip block

Author: I mean it is kinda a tip?

FROM node:16.11.1

# Create app directory
WORKDIR /usr/src/app

# Copy package.json
COPY package*.json ./

# Fetch dependencies
RUN npm i

# Copy code
COPY . .

# Install pm2
RUN npm install pm2 -g

# Start the bot using pm2 so errors won't kill the container, Learn More: https://discordjs.guide/improving-dev-environment/pm2.html#installation
CMD [ "pm2-runtime", "start", "index.js" ]
```

# Building your Docker image

<Definition content="A Docker image is a read-only template containing instructions for creating a container that can run on the Docker platform. It provides an easy way to package up applications and pre-configured server environments that you can use privately or publicly with other Docker users." />

Now that you have your `Dockerfile` and `.dockerignore` file, you can build your Docker image, with your instruction manual you made for the cli. Most people like to [automate this](#automating-the-build-process-with-github-actions) but you can also do it [manually](#manually-building-and-publishing-your-docker-image).

## Manually building and publishing your Docker image

Step 1: Build your Docker image

```bash
    docker build -t [your-image-name] .
```

> Step 2: Push your Docker image to Docker Hub

Reviewer 3: Doesn't this step combined with `COPY . .` in your Dockerfile cause the user's `config.json`  (which includes their bot token) to be uploaded to the cloud? This has the potential to be dangerous, especially if you don't warn the user.

Author: https://github.com/discordjs/guide/pull/1047/commits/8479aff9ac2e1ad7cbb321c178557facc7111241#diff-42e8c3f5c3b69c37706bd00901b745166e411832a887b85b2b09a37fb73fed12R5

### Creating the GitHub Action

Make a new file called `publish.yml` in `.github/workflows` with the contents of:

```yml
# Name of the workflow
name: publish

# When to trigger it
on:
    # Trigger the workflow on push or pull request,
    # but only for the main branch
    push:
        branches:
            - main

# Jobs to run
jobs:
    # Build the bot job,
    build-bot:
        # Run it on ubuntu
        runs-on: ubuntu-latest

        # Steps of the job
        steps:
            # Checkout the repo at the current state
            - uses: actions/checkout@v2

              # Login to the GitHub Container Registry
            - name: Login to GitHub Container Registry
              uses: docker/login-action@v1
              with:
                  registry: ghcr.io
                  username: ${{ github.actor }}
                  password: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

              # Build and Push the bot to the GHCR
            - name: Build and Push to GHCR
              run: |
                  docker build . --tag ghcr.io/AccountUsername/RepoName:latest
                  docker push ghcr.io/AccountUsername/RepoName:latest
```

> Now every time you push to your master branch the bot will be built and pushed to the GHCR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now every time you push to your main branch the bot will be built and pushed to the GHCR.
```

# Running Your Docker Container

> Now that we have containerized our bot, we can run it by typing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have containerized our bot, you can run it by typing:
```
https://github.com/discordjs/guide/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#youyour-instead-of-weour
